[Applause]
Israeli fighter jets take off
their targets Israel says are 40 Islamic
Jihad positions in the Gaza Strip but
Palestinians say houses in residential
areas were also hit this attack was not
against Islamic Jihad operatives against
the Palestinian people because
rather comprises of
of high rises which are crammed next to
each other so there's hardly any space
between buildings uh 6 000 people live
per square kilometers you can imagine
the amount of Destruction in buildings
and in lives when when Israel decides to
attack a so-called Target
in retaliation Palestinian armed groups
fired hundreds of rockets into Southern
Israel some traveled as far as Tel Aviv
armed groups here regardless say they
have launched an operation called the
Revenge of the Free People after Israeli
forces killed three senior members of
eclipse brigades that's the military
wing of Islamic Jihad on Tuesday
the movement spokesman says Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is
under pressure due to the widespread
resistors to his proposed judicial
overhaul
and the military action is a destruction
is related to the political goals
related to the this
effects within the panel's government
and his conditions on the government
this is not related to what Islamic
Jihad has done or not done Netanyahu
hasn't ruled out expanding the operation
analysts warn such a move could escalate
the situation if Israel continues its
aggression if Israel continues to
bombard the Palestinian civilian areas
and more Palestinian civilians are going
to be killed I think that will probably
lead to other Palestinian factions to be
involved
Palestinians have buried their dead and
the grief at the funerals has turned to
anger and frustration Egypt is calling
for an immediate ceasefire the United
States has called for call and the Arab
League is set to hold an emergency
meeting
let's get more down from Al Jazeera
correspondent Muhammad Wasa who sent us
this report from outside a hospital in
Gaza
this is actually Fair Hospital in Gaza
City there is on high alert because of
the military escalation it has evacuated
the emergency sections to treat air
strikes victims the Palestinian Health
Ministry says the number of those killed
has reached 21 people including three
children and Six Women 64 others have
been injured they include 21 children
and eight women
the health Ministry says there is a
severe shortage of medical equipment and
drugs this affects the work of the
medical teams and makes them unable to
deal with the large number of cases the
ministry says it has been requesting
supplies by the Israeli occupation has
not been allowing them into the Gaza
Strip the state of emergency at the
hospital has been going on since the
beginning of the military escalation new
cases are expected at any minute because
of the continuous Israeli bombardment